Update metrics vis. docs (#17026)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/_index.md

This line graph plots latency (in milliseconds) experienced by users on the y-axis against time on the x-axis.

> #### Additional visualization offerings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Additional visualizations
```

Datadog offers a variety of visualization options to help users easily graph and display their metrics. Two visualization offerings that Metrics users often find useful are: 1) [Query Value Widgets][23], and 2) [Top List Widgets][24].

> Regardless of the type of widget, each metric query consists of the same two evaluation steps to start: 1) time aggregation, 2) space aggregation [(view refresher here)][22].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both widgets, the metric query consists of the same two evaluation steps to start: 1) time aggregation, 2) space aggregation [(view refresher here)][22].
```

> ###### [Query Value Widget][23]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Query value widget
```

- A [Query Value Widget][23] simply reduces the results of those two steps into a single value.

> ###### [Toplist Value Widget][24]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Top list widget
```
